hello there today I am going to do my
very very best to show how to make this
flower I call it the braided flower and
I was found incredibly difficult to
figure out until I just kind of heard a
different way to think about it so
hopefully i will say it properly and
you'll be able to do fine figure it out
i'm going to use a different colors for
the tops just so it make it a bit easier
to follow so we take one whatever color
you want blow it up all the way a little
bit and down there and we tie that
together we're going to get your flight
club
there we go wrist here and then just
twist in and walk that through and
though we are fairly close to the same
size okay then we'll take another bloom
once again at 260 blowing up all the way
again a little bit of a bubble there I
it give it a slight touch anything third
and once again that's how I find my
third round and lock it in that's
approximately equal we'll take our blue
one and our pink one and we'll spin them
together we'll get another pink one ms
will get rid of them totally there we're
so far into it doesn't matter okay take
our pink one stretch it hold it into
thirds then our blue one get rid of that
and rocking this spin spin spin we'll
take our stem whatever color green you'd
like blow it up to few inches I guess
full same way e to make a sword like it
squeeze what okay photo 11 and a half
inch bubble whatever you like push that
into the middle here
lock it around and Mary usually you
don't have to worry about which part of
the flower goes this way but since I'm
kind of doing pink blue pink blue pink
blue I'm organizing it that way now just
think of pushing your hand through and
grabbing this part okay so that's what
we're going to reach our hand through
we're going to pull the Frog through the
hood then we're going to put our hand
through the blue one and grab the paper
so and we just keep reaching our hand
through and grabbing the top and then
grab right again just keep going all the
way around and the last one is a little
confusing but I'm still the same thing
week 3 rap pink robot one pulling that
room now you'll have to go around a
couple of Mars I wanted to have two
times maybe to get everything to look
right try to push it together a little
bit here if you what you think you need
to go around and pull your pieces
through there and all in one color
that's a good flower okay well it's not
terrible right now either anyway em and
I hope that you liked like that and I
hope you use it okay thanks a lot bye